README.md, before:

# ScoutJooq
Scout jOOQ - Eclipse Scout Template Application using jOOQ for Persistence

## Usage

The archetype is currently not deployed on any repository. To install it locally change into directory ```archetype``` and build it. 

```bash
mvn clean install

```

Once it is in your local catalog you can generate a project from it:

```bash
mvn archetype:generate \
-DarchetypeGroupId=org.eclipse.scout.archetypes \
-DarchetypeArtifactId=basic-application-template \
-DartifactId=application
```

Properties used in the archetype

* groupId
* version
* package
* appName
* javaVersion

## Post Generation Tasks

* Update the field ```DEFAULT_HOST``` in class ```ServerProperties``` to match the address of your database host.
* Update ```config.properties``` files need to be updated with proper security keys. These can be generated with the appropriate scout utilities

## Changing from Postgres to other Database

There are several tasks to be performed:

1. Change the JOOQ Dialect and related items in the database project.
2. Import an appropriate driver in the database project pom.
3. Change config.properties files to use the correct jdbc string and driver name

Commit message:

change jdbc to derby in-memory

README.md, after:

# ScoutJooq
Scout jOOQ - Eclipse Scout Template Application using jOOQ for Persistence

## Usage

The archetype is currently not deployed on any repository. To install it locally change into directory ```archetype``` and build it. 

```bash
mvn clean install

```

Once it is in your local catalog you can generate a project from it:

```bash
mvn archetype:generate \
-DarchetypeGroupId=org.eclipse.scout.archetypes \
-DarchetypeArtifactId=basic-application-template \
-DartifactId=application
```

Properties used in the archetype

* groupId
* version
* package
* appName
* javaVersion

## Post Generation Tasks

* Update the field ```DEFAULT_HOST``` in class ```ServerProperties``` to match the address of your database host.
* Update ```config.properties``` files need to be updated with proper security keys. These can be generated with the appropriate scout utilities

## Immediately running after creation

There is a derby DB configured that will run in-memory. This is not intended for production, but so the applicaiton is immediately executable without any further set up.

## Changing from Derby / Postgres to other Database

There are several tasks to be performed:

1. Change the JOOQ Dialect and related items in the database project.
2. Import an appropriate driver in the database project pom.
3. Change config.properties files to use the correct jdbc string and driver name



## Running the required postgres db

docker run -it --name scoutJooqPg -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=securePassw0rd -d postgres
